fashion was never a part of her life plan,she worked as a telecom engineer at vodafone where she was a manger and 4thi n line to the CEO at that time.the idea of working as a fashion designer never crpssed her mind although all of her friends raved about how she was good at it.whenever they bought a material to sew with she always gave them tips. on how to get it done and style it and the end results were always amazing.7 years ago she made the boldest decision and set out to attend fashion school where she took night classes while still working at vodafone to bettter  her craft and learn more about the industry.After staying with that for a while she set out to start her own business.but a long the wayshe met many challenges.her first real challenge occured when she was looking for space to set up her shop.she went to many possible places with different agents and they were all too expensive
 especially for a sole enterpreneur with the cheapest being 10000 USD.so she made the decission to set up her shop in a space in her bedroom at home and later move into a bigger room in thegarden of their home.none of what she has achieved so far would have been possible without her supportive husband who had previous knowledge about sewing anf fashion as he has been in the industry for For over 20 years another college, she faces in a daily basis with finding ways to get quality and affordable materials for fabric. She used to buy them from Dubai, but stopped after the recent worldwide inflation occurred. She really the practice of fabric change. Two, 53 has surprise with the price for fabric one time. And before she knew it, the prices would have gone up. She she resumed this by buying from people who import from Dubai and both hands making their price and making their prices cheaper. Ashley movies with Siri, it is better to have run quality greeting last few years than have many cheap routine that will feed over a year. She believes the most important part of her business. The customers, materials and workers
She reaches most of her customers through word of mouth, from satisfied customers. People, she works for or is making a clothing item for see a lot of of her, as sometimes she does home calls. But meets the client at the comfort of their home and could I could leave there when it's almost as late as 12:00 AM. Her clients are the most important part of our business, seeing the face of our clients light up after trying on a finished product means everything to her and is the only motivation she needs that. makes all the sleepless nights and hard work pay off. She also uses social media to reach customer outside Ghana.
The market of the fashion industry is fast paced, subjected and it's solely dependent on the individual. factors such as trained age. teeth preference opioid, a rule in the market of the fashion industry. Because of this, she took upon herself to create a mutually respectable relationship between her and her customers to try and better understand the understand their preferences and choice including and how they want to look. Because if they look good, they feel good and that's how her goal with every client but she does not and cannot do it all by herself. Her team of employees make this possible as well. Her biggest struggle while trying to form her workplace was finding people who held the same visions and goes as her and were also serious about it. Finding people who are serious and determined passion passionate is very hard because without passion, survival in the industry can break your soul